= Introduction =

The tag admintool will manage both the tags as well as the implied/recommended related tags.

= Details =

 * List of all existing tags with edit/delete buttons
 * Search filters with livesearch clauses/documents
 * A separate "quick jump" livesearch form to directly jump to the edit page of that tag entry
 * Button to create a new tag
 * Tag has a name and an optional list of implied and recommended related tags
 * Implied and recommended tags search via livesearch, on enter/click the tag relation gets added as plain text with a delete button

adding:
So basically 3 things would be nice: merge/split tool, automatically remove document/clause_body relations when deleting a tag, and adding implied tag support in the document form

== Merge ==
From the tag list, the user can drag and drop a tag into the "merge" field. Adding a second one ore more joins the single tags into one. The order within the "merge" field can be changed by dragging a tag into its desired position.

== Split ==
From the tag list, the user can drag and drop a tag into the "split" field. The drop event will automatically split the tag into its components, identifying them through the seperator " " (space). Each identified tag can then be deleted when necessary. The user confirms his selection using a "submit" button. The tags are created when not already existing in the database.

== Implied Tags ==
The idea is that when adding new tags its often the case that one tag implies another one, so we should be able to setup the implied tags that when I am tagging a document I can see which tags are implied by the tags that are already selected.

Right now in the document admin the tags are managed via this double link list select widget, but what would be better is that we do not use this widget anymore.

Instead we list each tag with the implied tags next to it as well as a "remove" button
plus a search field to add new tags.

The listed implied tags should be links that when clicked add the given tag